### 1.旅游相关：大学生相关： 图表pie chart  关于在校大学生旅游的目的 百分比 统计
> - This pie chart clearly illustrates the purposes of touring for students in a certain university. As is reflected by the diagram, appreciating landscapes ranks the largest proportion, accounting for 37%. Next comes the aim of relieving pressure, with 33%. By contrast, the percentages of students travelling aiming at making friends and cultivating independence account for 9% and 6% respectively.
> - Several primary factors could could be responsible for these differences. In the first place, travel can offer college students a wide range of experiences. In travelling, we can enjoy and explore the natural beauty and experience the bitterness or joy of local residents on different lands and in different times. In the second place, college students, who have a busy social calendar and suffer more burdens to juggle academic work can successfully manage and reduce stress by touring. 
> - Taking all these factors into consideration, we may prediet that with the quickening pace and ever-increasing pressure of campus life, the number of university students touring will keep growing in the forthcoming decade. Meanwhile, it is essential for these young travelers to pay attention to their safety in trips.

### 2.社会普遍问题相关：关于养老 老龄化越来越严重 社会 各个组织公司 个人 都要对老人尽养老义务
> - As can be seen from the mixed chart above, the population over 60 ears old in China has increased markedly from 2000 and will continue to grow in the coming decades. From the statistics given in the diagram, we can estimate that there were 120 million aged people in 2000, accounting for about 10% of the total population. while the number will shoot up to 40 million in 2050. approximately 35% of the total.
> - From my point of view. the government. society and the children of the old should all care for the old together.  Only one or two parties' involvement will not be enough. How well we handle this social issue reflects the degree of civlization of our country. All citizens with income pay taxes to the government, so the authority is obliged to guarantee a stable and happy life for its people. In addition. society. including companies, associations and organizations, should play a positive role in helping the aged people, both financially and spiritually. Last but not least, the children of the elderly should be responsible for their parents. because their parents have not only brought them into the world. but also raised them to be a useful citizens
> - In a word, the entire society should create a comfortable and happy enviromant , No one can escape the obligation.

### 3.环境保护相关：人口越来越多野生动物越来越少 怎么办 要抓紧保护濒危动物 保护环境
> - As the two chart show,the world population in 2010 was nearly three times than that in 1950, an increase accompanied by the extinctionof 30,000 wildlife species during the 60-year period. A correlation is revealed that mankind has exerted a tremendous negative influence on wildlife species.
> - Currently, there is widespread concer regarding the previously neglected connection between a growing human population and decreasing wild species. Humenkind's increasing need for more land that means there will be competition between humans and wild species. And this is a battle that wildlife is losing and therefore more and more endangered species every year with some species dying out.
> - The effect of population growth on wildlife species are certain to continue unless drastic changes take place. The silver lining in the dark cloud is that if we take action to protect endangred wild species and their habitants now, mass extinction can be delayed.
> - Loss of speciesl, especially the keystone-species that is import to enviroment, can disrupt the ecosystems.

### 4.健身相关：越来越多人健身，健身馆越来越多 我保持健康生活的心得
> - The chart above illustrates clearly the number of gymnasiums and people doing exercise in a certain city from 2014 to 2016. As is revealed in the chart, the number of people doing exercise has been on a steady rise from 1 million to 1.88 million, while the number of gymnasiums increased considerably from a to b, a rise of n.
> - Several factors could contribute to the tendency. In the first place, with the quickening pace of urban life and ever-increasing pressure, people in growing numbers are suffering from either mental and physical problems. Therefore, gymnasiums in mounting numbers have been built by goverment concerned to meet people's demands. In the second place, there are a universal desire for health among people. Used for indoor sports and exercise and usually equipped with fitness equipment, gymnasiums have attracted more and more people.
> - As far as I am concerned. I have a strong interest in running. Running 5 kilometer everyday always makes me feel more vigorous. Besides, I neither smoke or drike, I keep a balanced diet and go to bed before 11 o'clock every night. I believe burning the midnight oil is harmful. More importantly, an optimistic attitude toward life makes me feel confident and persistant. To sum up, all these practices guarantee me good health and a happy life.

### 5.社会热点交通相关,中国私家汽车越来越多 说明大家都有钱了+城市越来越大+开车很普及啦
> - The figures in the above chart indicate that steady increase in private cars by every hundred families in China. As is shown in the chart, every hundred families owned 333 private cars in 2020, and the number went up to 444 in 2030.
> - There are a great many factors for this increasing factors, main reasons could conclued as follows. To begin with, with the speedy increas in economy and the increase in people's incomes, a large number of families could afford a private car. In addition, a great many Chinese cities such as BJ SH have increased dramatically in size and many people choose to live in suburbs. To them, owning a private car could save their commuting time as well as be a mark of elevated social status. One impact that the automobile has had is that the automobile industry has become a key industry, acting as an engine for and supporting many subsidiary industies such as steel, machinery, glass, rubber, tire, paint and so on.
> - From the above discussion. We can concludes that a growing number of families have already owned private cars, and private cars have become a commen means of transportation.

### 6.社会热点：电子商务成交额 近几年猛增原因：电脑和网络普遍啦+科技进步和法律健全+方便远距离交易 end: 对经济好 拥抱变化
> - As can been seen from the above chart, annual global e-commmerce turnover has increased ripadly during the fifteen-years period. In 1997, it was 2billion dollars, and then it went up to 90 billion in 2015, it jumped dramatically to 300 billion dollars in 2018, 150 times that of 1997.
> - Why is e-commerce booming nowadays? Several factors may contribute to the phenomenon. Above all, the popularity of computers and Internet access has laid the foundations for the development of e-commerce. What is more, as Internet technologies are becoming increasingly mature and relevant laws and regulations have improved, people who were at first skeptical about e-commerce now are convinced that shopping online is very safe and reliable. Last but not least, e-commerce is the fastest way to make transaction across vast distances. That is the reason why e-commerce is preferable to traditional commerce for some people.
> - The e-commerce boom is undoubtly contributes to the world economy. Accordingly, Let us get prepared to embrace the unreversible trend.

### 7. 大学生就业难的原因  缺乏经验+期望过高不切实际  解决办法就是在学校时期就积累经验+给钱就去
> - The bar chart above illustrate various reasons why college students fint it hard to get a job. From the perspective of employers, the lack of practical experience and excessive expectations rank among the top two, accounting for 33 and 44 respectively
> - To begin with, as the job market is getting gloomy and the competition is becoming keener, college students should well equipped with practical experience while still in college. Their summer and winter holidays should be used to gain valuable work experience. What is more? The college students' expectatoins of employment play a part. A great many sudents tend to give the first priority to earnings and aim for well-paid positions in foreign companies or big banks. Since they would not accept a poorly-paid job, many opportunities have been lost. So college students should accept any job offers they received now.
> - With the increasing number of graduates, graduate employment will become more difficult. Among many solutions, gaining work experience while still at university and have a realistic expectations about salaries is extremely vital.

### 8. 文化交流 文化交流的好处：中国文化被接受，经济全球化和文化交流增多有助于世界和平，要积极了解其他民族文化，也要取精去糟发展自己的文化
> - It is apparent from the line graph that the number of Chinese art group performing in the U.S. and Amarican movies shown in Chins from 2011 to 2017. During the six years, the number of performences by Chinese art group in U.S. jumped from a to b. The number of American movies shown in our country have been on a steady rise from a to b, rise of c.
> - Firstly, the fact that people from different coutries are attracted by Chinese mysterious culture indicate that to some extent a culture can be internationally accepted respected appreciated and shared. Secondly, a nation's culture become internationl though the worldwide economic and cultural exchanges. Since the trend of globalzition becomes irresistible, the increasing cultural exchanges can effectively improve the mutual undrestanding and friendship.
> - It is my view that the nation's culture as priceless interllectual treasure should be preserved and cherished. Meanwhile there are good reasons to learn about other cultures form different counties. New notions can provide a special perspective for us to observe the world in a long run although it is contraversial or even absurd at first sight. Nevertheless, when we confront a new culture, we should be sensible enough to absorb the essence and resist the dark side. Only in this way can we promote the development of our culture and make our world diversified colorful and vigorous.

### 9.关于个国家人均读书统计 广泛阅读的好处：书是好朋友充实生活+让我们经历不同人生+提升技能智慧
> - The column chart above clearly reveals the statistics of the average numbers of books read in seven counties in 2013. Based upon the data, we can see that the people from US Israel and Russia read the most books among the seven countries, accountting for 11, 22 and 33 respectively. In comparison, the average numbers are merely 11 and 4 in Korea and China, the smallest numbers among the seven countries.
> - The tendency is rather disturbing for one should know that reading extensively is no less neccesary to one's mental life than the fresh air to one's physical health. From reading extensively, we can derive the pleasure, experience and instruction. First and foremost, a good book is just like a faithful friend for us, it can increase the contentment when we are happy and chieerful and lessen our pain when we are pain and lonely. Furthermore, reading extensively can offer a wide range of experience. Few of us can live over 100 years old, but all of us can live many lives through the pages of books. Last but not least, reading extensively can increase our knowledge and skills, broaden our horizons and make us wise.
> - Though the avent of TV, Internet and smartphones, people don't read as much as they used to, nothing can replace the role that the reading plays in our lives.